README.md, before:

transTide is a low order model to compute the unsteady flow and loads loads acting on tidal turbine blades.

Developed by Gabriel T Scarlett August 2017.
Updated to object oriented structure in June 2021.

This code will NOT work with versions of MATLAB earlier than R2016b. No toolboxes are required.

Copyright <2021> <Gabriel Thomas Scarlett>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Included description and source of functions.

README.md, after:

transTide is a low order model to compute the unsteady flow and loads acting on tidal turbine blades.

Updated to object oriented structure in June 2021.

Developed by Gabriel Thomas Scarlett August 2017 in support of a PhD in Unsteady hydrodynamics of tidal turbine blades, undertaken at The University of Edinburgh.
Further information on the theory and model development can be found in my thesis: https://era.ed.ac.uk/handle/1842/36125

This code will NOT work with versions of MATLAB earlier than R2016b. No toolboxes are required.

Code naming convention
classes: Name begins with an upper case letter (all alphabetic).
functions: Name begins with a lower case letter (all alphabetic)
scripts: Name begins with a lower case letter and must contain an underscore

Copyright <2021> <Gabriel Thomas Scarlett>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
